ah oh hey Patrick what are you doing
here
okay spongebob just been thinking
thinking well that's dangerous Patrick
remember what happened last time oh he
knows about what happened last night
sorry I brought Gary along my combine a
babysitter what was it suppose it's not
about Gary playing bingo with us even
though that mollusk always cheats and
I'm just gonna pretend you didn't say
anything about someone saying um Gary
I've just been hearing rumors that hey
whoa Patrick watch where you point that
thing I want another
Locos Tacos and stay in my house again
wait rumors okay Patrick say it was me
I'm ugly and I'm proud
why would you assume someone called me
ugly oh we're sorry you have reached a
number that has been disconnected or is
no longer in service
if you feel you have reached this
recording in error please check the
number and try your call again
see how I'm going I can take my business
elsewhere
sure Squidward will appreciate it
No okay okay Patrick sorry I'll listen
dan I trust you to keep it a secret like
my secret box
sure thing pal I'm so glad that wasn't
the embarrassing snapshot from the
Christmas party oh you mean the
Nickelodeon Christmas party at 2002
uh-huh yeah I'm glad oh it was a close
one
well is that Patrick the Q's goes away
Oh spongebob are you ready to hear that
super duper uber secret they'll never
tell anyone we're also doing some Eagle
things to you Oh secret yes yes Tommy
please okay the sacred is uh I forget oh
yeah
Happy New Year spongebob
funny I thought always Squidward could
do that we are speaking which robot head
operation takedown is again don't care
we're gonna like your nickname squirt
just take it don't like bring the kids
next door give in any a quarter even
Jimmy Neutron
Arnel the hell gun number one still part
of the Glock the kids next door you
think we could get a hold of Samurai
Jack what do you mean it sounds like I'm
talking through a rock you're the one
that lives in a giant takee head great
just great when you're planning a
takedown all you get is Moe Larry and
curly jeez
you